okay here we are
good morning afternoon good evening and
good night wherever you are this is the
I get their score implementations weekly
sync it is July the 29th 2019 it's very
nice to see you all
it's it's it's August 5th you're right
I'm reading the wrong thing I'm gonna
update that right that's my bad sorry uh
yeah okay use my brain don't just read
I'm just like well take you all right
okay so again hello welcome to that I
give this core implementation sweetie
sick is August the fifth 2019 yeah
there's Monday some people are still
asleep clearly but let's get on with it
anyway this is we've got a note-taker
already thank you Jim and if you are on
if you're on this call if you're here
please put your name on the attendees
lists and we'd like to know who is here
I just put the crypt pad in the chat
again because the zoom doesn't keep that
around when people join and then what
happens now okay well basically we make
our way through the document as you can
see it in the crypt back and talk about
the initiatives and the design reviews
and blockers and questions at the end of
the document you will see the weekly
update for async review we will not go
through this in the core but please add
your weekly updates to the bottom of
this document and then people can review
it in their own time asynchronously
after the call or during the call
whatever thanks epic anyway so here we
go let us start with initiatives and
upgrading the release process for go
ipfs steven is there any news here uh so
we now have a draft blog post please
read it this will eventually be
committed by a visuals yeah
testing processes actually Jim yes Jim
you're here would you like to focus okay
but thank you probably got some more
things to say yeah let's see all last
week I worked on taking the existing IP
FS benchmarks which we have running
every night and making it so I could
also run go ipfs and there was already
three tests in there but we want to like
right now it builds the latest version
of GSI PFS every night but we wanted to
build the latest version to go I see FS
every night so I basically got that
working on my personal computer on my
test rig so guess we're going to move
those changes over to the nightly one
that's running on the production testing
environment and so we should have at
least something building every night and
then we could start adding to it and I
also worked on some riri formatting the
Ratana dashboards a little bit to
present the information and more
usefully so we're gonna have some
meetings this week I don't think they're
gonna be on the community calendar but
and who should be getting the infra
tests working group started up and
running soon publicly I hope
cool that it's very good news does
anyone have any quick questions about
that no okay let's move on
so what something next up this garbage
collection and pinning that is sort of
on hold we are just getting the 0 the
Jase ipfs there are 37 release out the
door so that needs to happen first
before we can start merging the garbage
collection into market but yeah the that
needs to happen then when it needs to be
some work to switch to streaming API I
preemptively put the volcko was going to
be working on bringing in the new
chairside FS repo with the async/await
stuff but I'm not entirely sure if he's
going to be working on that anymore
after thorough conversation so that
would be a shame but it would be awesome
different if you have time and then we
need to update the garbage collection
code to actually run it may be on a
schedule if configured and maybe run it
when storage the maximum storage
configure cement configured maximum
storage value is reached or the browser
storage value this week so and there's a
couple of things more to do on that but
like I said it's kind of paused for the
moment delegated routing yes so those
those modules are ready and working
there will be released in Jetta before
Sarah 37 and the next steps are for me I
will get round to you at some point
looking into the go ifs gateway API
commands PR to allow it to so we should
be able to configure the gate a gateway
to to open the API commands that are
needed for delegated routing and so it's
just available on the box so that's that
any questions all right
gossip sub vast room I guess so
last week we got to share slipper to be
released candidate with the gospel
implementation
so now me and Jacob are just polishing
last minutes stuff in the relays and
testing everything meanwhile I would
just ask for the review for the Jessup
EFS PR which integrates massive sub and
also the new release candidate of
Jessica P so that if everything is ok
from Jessup FS team we basically can get
the final release live and after that
maybe for the next release of Jessup
offense we can also include lawsuit soon
and that's it
is there interrupt tests yeah
yes they are not merged as well because
the demon and interruptus we are
basically waiting for their the final
released weapon so that we merge they
are now with the branch but you can
check it's a few hands in the liquid
painter ah pretty good thank you
Vasco do we have a light over here we
don't have a lighter
so let's move on Oh Jacob II but I think
he's out this week I can it's amazing
yeah so not a thing groundbreaking this
week there is some gallupi ope PRS are
ongoing
if you're interested in how the
persistence protocol we're layering on
top of pub/sub is going to work there's
a PR you should check out and also talk
to me because it's um it's it's a little
like it's really simple if you're okay
leaving it simple but that leaves us
open to some like potential issues going
forward which may be similar ones are
running into in other protocols
hopefully if we just sort of plug this
stuff as experiment so I'll be free to
iterate a little bit because no one will
be leaving things living in
the protocol long-term we'll just be
using it as a transport but yeah reach
out or check out the PR if you want to
talk more about that
thank you and you have any questions for
you okay
so moving on yeah last week we were
talking about so Adam I said last week
migration to multi Ashley's in the data
store he has completed a very close to
completion of Aegeus I did this
migration tool as far as I'm aware and
not much has happened on this until last
week the next steps are basically to
create an issue or a proposal for
migrating the data store to use multi
hashes that we can use it both Jay
cyberfest
and going events and there are a couple
of problems that that means to have some
sort of solution for yep can we make
sure to bundle the keystore migrations
and I'm sorry said I can make sure to
bundle the keystore migration at the
same time there is a store migration
also cool yeah let's do that
okay so a package manager updates I
store these tracks being laid as I was
talking a second ago Dennis that was
core someone else that was me yeah can
give us something so what was the update
about you work on that bit swap guy I
figured that we should probably because
it's such as the core protocol decor
locations we should talk about all the
stuff here as well so yeah headers are
doing a lot of great work on documenting
an understanding that swapping how it
works
especially where howdy-ho swap these
sessions and then working on improving
the algorithm store on sessions the iPad
performance work has mostly been on
paused because there has been working on
this but it can bring well look into it
when he comes back
and I see that there are mice like they
leave here on my screen
and you're sure on my screen okay weird
cool okay
that sounds awesome anything more to add
on that there could you know okay
in which case let us move on there are
the initiatives so they are the things
that we feel are most important and in
the air at the moment and being worked
on so that is cool we have gone through
them super fast so next up is design
review proposals it doesn't look like
anyone has anything to say here we had
to to design replace proposals last week
yeah for which we had productive
meetings and I mean machines are being
made for both of those and that's that's
good
blockers and asks I took something down
here I wrote a blog post it's a bit of
fun it's kind of like I give s
fanfiction and it's kind of written like
there's somebody in the future looking
back at how ipfs has changed the world
and and dragging out from the archives
the deep dives videos of the ipfs camp
which which need to be an important part
of the historic history of the the
distributed web so I don't think anyone
has written something like this before
but it's a bit of fun have a look and a
read and
[Music]
I shouldn't say too long but anyway so
any other blockers from people who have
got who have been blocked in anyway like
I said he needs a review on the gossip
sub stuff so I'm gonna have a look at
that maybe this week okay any questions
from people any general questions about
about things core implementation wise
okay
just one quick heads up for a leap HP
bounties basically whole open today a
repo for bounties for that we will be
working on essentially now for the
atrium berlin's why that will happen by
the end of the month and if you have
ideas of parties that you would like for
Liberty big you're welcome to open in
Schuster I can hear and that's it okay
alright any any other questions or other
notes or things you want to get off your
chest anything at all we are pretty much
finished it would be bringing the IP NS
work to a designer of you at some point
or did better actually happen not to her
sorry I don't remember what list there
were two last week I don't remember five
PMS was one of them
no the two last week worth in DNS link
and I Festival on slash slash fully
qualified domain but we don't have an IP
NS design reviews I don't know of any
current specs for either a bet or a
penis over DMS or I penis for pub/sub
what does the courtesy of the spec for
every store folks are actually yes so I
all it really would need there's there's
only one like spec modification which is
relying on this protocol which we need
to figure out like is it push is it pull
isn't for multiple topics is it a single
topic I I'm happy to just go over that
with you and and visa but I would also
appreciate more implicit all that people
are interested in giving him please for
the last two star reviews those are
hosted like yeah we are stuck on these
questions yeah let's get people together
so you can make the decision and it's
cuz it was a little bit stock it's
mostly just like working on the particle
eventually when we make an actual PR to
like merge the spec right up over the
specs at same time then we could have an
extra time if you Inc like finally check
off the spec Marge that's the way I
would like to do it but yeah I mean if
people have concerns over especially
like this thing with the Golub TTP
pub/sub router and have a persistence
there which is like used for IPS but is
also in theory a lip you 2p thing which
is not specific to IPS like there's some
things there definitely to talk about
and then but if it's if it's just like
okay let's make sure we have this thing
mostly fleshed out and talked about so
we want to move it over just like
everything makes sense then we can do
that later to whatever it makes sense is
fun maybe I think sometimes so if I make
a recommendation if you were to create a
a kind of workshop or just a place where
people can meet at a particular time and
say we're going to discuss this I'm
going to present that there's two free
proposals for what I want to do and I'd
like to kind of pick one and iterate on
it during the call and I think sometimes
that gets you a bit further than just
putting a link to the spec and asking
for people to people's opinions and and
it also gives us a video that we can
kind of store and replay and another
people can look at as well even if they
don't can't make the actual meeting so
you know I mean we can you can even do
that sooner rather than later because
most of the other the other two PRS are
two or three are mostly about like
implementation things and not really
protocol things so the protocol thing we
could even have it I'm design meeting
this week and talk about yeah I think if
you want if you want that to happen then
set it up and invite you don't get
people to come so we can just take right
now a general list of people who
actually want to show up I'd show up
well let's just write this in here all
right if you're interested in this put
your name on the attendees list in the
document I thing is happening cool all
right any other business then okay you
can have some time with years back you
can get on with your day or in my case
go home for the evening
hooray folks when I convinced this
meeting to half an hour in the future we
seem to be taking about like 20 minutes
on average out of an hour-long meeting
so if we do this for another week or two
in a row I figure it might make sense I
think it's because we've moved all the
design stuff to a separate meetings so
that we can schedule specific time for
them I'd be happy
did you dance again mister objects what
if we like just reserved the bottom half
of the block as like for whatever design
thing shows up in the meeting it's hard
to give people time to like review the
issues like I then I think I'm having
separate meeting for that isn't like you
can go home they can breathe early
issues they can like think about it for
a bit and they come from eating prepared
if we destroy like geometers I'm eating
fair enough
as a presenter you may also want a
little time to get your notes in order
I am also much better if I am prepared
for meetings rather than just thinking
off the top my head I'm so cool all
right I am I'm fine with condensing this
to half an hour like the Jo Jo score
meeting was half an hour and we rattled
for it for a long time as half an hour
and it seemed to work so we can always
bump it back up with it if it becomes
tricky but cool alright well if we're
all done for today then that's cool this
meeting a success until next week it was
nice to see your faces again have a
lovely week and we'll see you next week
for more go and Jas ipfs core
implementations work design sync and
other things and initiatives and all of
that cool
alright bye